---
title: Autoripping from Amazon
type: article
tags: tech
date: 2013-06-27 13:54:48
---
<p> BBC news has <a href="http://m.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-23078741" target="_blank">an interesting article</a> on it today about a new feature from Amazon: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&amp;node=5946775011" target="_blank">AutoRip</a>. The long and short of it is that when you buy a CD or vinyl Amazon will throw in the mp3 files free of charge. It is a really interesting idea.&nbsp;The best part of this is that it is retroactive - all the CDs that you have ever bought through Amazon are&nbsp;available&nbsp;via Amazon Cloud Player to stream or to download.</p><p> The feature could be really handy is you have ever bought a CD, loaned it to a friend and then never seen the CD again. On the flip side, as Rory Cellan-Jones points out, &quot;this could be rather scary - Amazon started selling CDs in the UK back in 1999, and you may find the evidence of your past musical tastes rather distressing&quot;.</p><p> It does pose some interesting questions regarding ownership though; when I log into my account I see the 9 CDs that I have purchased through Amazon, 3 of these I bought as gifts. Obviously Amazon has no way of knowing that I bought them to give away, but it seems a little bit odd that they should assume that I still own all the CDs.</p><p> I also wonder how far this will go. I would love to see the same rolled across to book purchases; buy a physical book and get the Kindle edition thrown in for free, or get a video file for each BluRay, DVD or maybe even VHS that you have bought. I really hope this is just the beginning.</p>
