---
title: Becoming a lefty
type: article
tags: misc
date: 2013-06-01 16:36:48
---
<p> My writing process for blog posts always starts on paper. It is a draft, which I write quickly as I can, and then edit as I type it up. I find it really helpful having these two stages; it helps me catch silly mistakes and it also helps me to get the point quickly without repeating myself too much.</p><p> Not having access to my right hand though this week has certainly had an impact on my blogging! Typing with just left hand is slow and my left-handed handwriting needs some work.</p><p> I was doing some research into how people train themselves to become ambidextrous. Unsurprisingly it is quite hard work! From a young age your brain essentially hardwires itself to work with either the right for the left-hand. When it comes to trying to break this pattern the brain need to create a new connections.</p><p> The advice I read suggested that I start off by simply doing simple tasks which do not require a great deal of precision such as brushing teeth, then working up to tracing objects and finally writing.</p><p> Unfortunately I have been thrown in at the deep end, I am trying to write and type, I think I&rsquo;m getting somewhere but it is definitely a slow process! For getting text into a computer, voice dictation has improved alot over the last few years, I still have to correct a couple of silly mistakes however that just isn&rsquo;t going to fly for writing code!</p><p> One of the best bits of advice I was given for writing was simply to get a pen that doesn&rsquo;t smudge. There is wisdom there!</p>
