---
title: Clinging to the Post
type: article
tags: personal
date: 2013-05-14 14:02:36
---
<p> Each fortnight I meet up with a few of the guys from Magdalen Road Church to discuss a couple of chapters from a book we are reading, <a href="http://jamesdoc.com/blog/castle-building" target="_blank">I&#39;ve mentioned it before</a>. We&#39;re still working our way through Tim Keller&#39;s book - Every Good Endeavour which looks at how God cares about our work, and how that should effect how we work.</p><p> One of the questions that came up today was about how we should do everything for the glory of God (<a href="http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1+Corinthians+10:31&amp;version=NIV" target="_blank">1 Cor 10:31</a>). Specifically is this a conscious thing that we do at the beginning of a task, perhaps God&#39;s glory be constantly our our mind each second as we work through a project?</p><p> It is an interesting quandary. Keller has already pointed out in his chapter on selfishness that so often we turn work inwards to glorify us, our team, or our organisation. It is also tough because you can easily reduce the idea of glorifying God down to what can seem the absurd- as you read that last sentence was it for God&#39;s glory? Or as you sat down at your chair was that for God&#39;s glory? It seems hard to find the correct line.</p><p> Attached to my screen at work I have stuck the words &quot;cling to the post to which the net is attached&quot;. It is a reminded to me, each time I turn the screen on, that I need to cling to the strong post otherwise I, and all my work, will was away with the ebb and flow of the tide. I cannot glorify God in my work on my own without the Spirit&#39;s help.</p>
