---
title: Dvorak Keyboard
type: article
tags: tech
date: 2010-05-27 15:39:00
leadImage: http://img97.imageshack.us/img97/5411/keyboardu.jpg
---
As you can see my keyboard has undergone a bit of modification with the new addition of little bits of cut post-it notes. The keyboard layout was designed to be more efficient than the traditional QUERTY keyboard and also more ergonomic to prevent RSI related injuries. &nbsp;The rules put in place were:<br /><ul><li>Letters should be typed by alternating between hands (which makes typing more rhythmic, increases speed, reduces error, and reduces fatigue).<br /></li><li>For maximum speed and efficiency, the most common letters and digraphs should be the easiest to type. This means that they should be on the home row, which is where the fingers rest, and under the strongest fingers (Thus, about 70% of keyboard strokes on the Dvorak Simplified Keyboard are done on the home row).<br /></li><li>The least common letters should be on the bottom row, which is the hardest row to reach.<br /></li><li>The right hand should do more of the typing, because most people are right-handed.<br /></li><li>Digraphs should not be typed with adjacent fingers.</li></ul><div>Now at the moment I am not really enjoying the&nbsp;benefits&nbsp;of this system; I'm teaching myself to type again which is a painfully slow process, but I am looking forward to enjoying, hopefully, faster words per minutes! &nbsp;If anyone can point me towards a good online tutorial for this it would be&nbsp;gratefully&nbsp;received!</div><div><br /></div><p>For anyone who has a deep longing to learn more about the history of the keyboard layout <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dvorak_Simplified_Keyboard">Wikipedia</a> has a pretty dull article on the topic!</p>
