---
title: A period of email grace
type: article
tags: tech
date: 2013-08-16 20:15:48
---
<p> This morning I made a potentially huge mistake - sending an email way before I intended to. In my pre-coffee haze, rather than hitting the return key for a new line, my little finger decided to find it&#39;s way to the Ctrl key. Bam. Shortcut. Email sent.</p><p> Fortunately the email was pretty much finished, just needing a sign off and a quick grammar check, that didn&#39;t stop me from dispatching a fairly hasty follow-up email though! But what if it had been a really important email, that really hadn&#39;t been finished off? Nightmare!</p><p> Gmail has been saving me from these kind of mistakes for ages wit the handy &#39;undo-send&#39; setting. there just doesn&#39;t seem to be that obvious method to delay emails from sending in Outlook&hellip; But with a little bit of poking you can create a little hack to make it work.</p><p> Normally Outlook rules are used to analyse incoming emails and folder them, flag them, etc. Today&#39;s discovery was that you can also use rules on outgoing emails too:</p><ol> <li> Open the &#39;Rules and Alerts&#39; settings and create a new rule</li> <li> Select &#39;Apply rule on messages&#39; under start a blank rule</li> <li> Ignore the conditions and just hit &#39;next&#39;</li> <li> Select the &#39;defer delivery by (x) minutes&#39; and set (x) to the number of minutes you want the email to wait for. I went for just one minute.</li> <li> Ignore the exceptions</li> <li> Give it a name and then click finish</li></ol><p> Now whenever emails are sent they cool off in the outbox for a minute before Outlook sends them. Handy!</p>
