---
title: A succinct job description?
type: article
tags: personal
date: 2013-04-18 18:11:07
---
<p> I attend a local event in Oxford called UXOxford (User Experience), it is run by local folk, for local folk. I get a lot out of being in an environment full of other people who are doing the same kind of things as me, who are asking big questions and are looking to learn more about UX.</p><p> One of the regular conversation starters, during the networking after the talk, is something along the lines of &#39;<em>so&hellip; what do you do?</em>&#39;. I find it really fought to explain my job within IFES because each day is very different, normally I mumble something about digital communication and web development and jealously listen as the other person succinctly tells me their specialty.</p><p> As I listen to these job titles, and the description of the role, often I get caught up with the desire to specialise, to focus what I do and more from &#39;<em>jack of all trades</em>&#39; to becoming an expert in something. However, as was was talking this through last night, I was able to reflect on the diversity that my job brings - every day really is different, and each day has a new set of tasks.</p><p> Today I was trying (and failing) to create Microsoft Word templates, this afternoon was spent poking MailChimp, earlier in the week I was designing letterhead, looking at payments gateways, polishing a style guide, fixing some bugs in my PHP code, planning a new comms product&hellip;</p><p> I really can&#39;t think of many other roles with this kind of diversity. I love it.</p>
