---
title: Am I living life?
type: article
tags: personal
date: 2013-02-13 21:55:06
leadImage: /_assets/img/blog/imported/banners/am-i-living-life.jpg
---
<p class="p1"> Yesterday <a href="http://jamesdoc.com/blog/heading-into-lent-live-life">I posted briefly</a> about my topic of blogging over lent - <a href="http://worldvisionyouth.org/" target="_blank">Life Life</a>. It is an exploration of what Jesus meant when he said &quot;I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full.&quot;</p><p class="p1"> The running joke at work currently is &#39;life is already full.&#39; There is a lot of work, a lot of things to do and therefore a lot to keep my desk full! But I&#39;m convinced that Jesus meant something different to a practically full working day.</p><p class="p1"> One of the ideas behind lent is to give something up for the next 6 weeks. My plan is an attempt at slowing down and making space. I am very good at filling my life, making myself busy, but I&#39;m pretty poor at stopping resting, but also stepping back and taking time to think things through.</p><p class="p1"> It wasn&#39;t my initial plan to slow down this lent, however an unexpected empty evening reminded me of the importance of taking some time out. <a href="http://jamesdoc.com/blog/relentless-acts-of-sacrifice">ReLENTless</a> showed me some of the importance of making sacrifices for more important things in my life. I am hoping that Live Life will help me to think through what I am prioritising as important!</p><p class="p1"> I am expecting to publish about a post a week. Each post with a different theme - <em>Fast, Pray, Thank, Give, Serve, Reflect</em>. We&#39;ll see what happens!</p><p class="p1"> A couple of other blogs to follow this Lent:</p><ul class="ul1"> <li class="li2"> <a href="http://kiwichronicles.blogspot.co.uk" target="_blank">Andy Shudall</a><br /> Andy is a staff worker in New Zealand who will be blogging his way through Live Life.</li> <li class="li2"> <a href="http://jimlepage.com/crux-sola" target="_blank">Jim LePage</a><br /> Jim is an incredible graphic designer and is publishing a different cross illustration to his blog each day.</li></ul>
