---
title: Death by Strava?
type: article
tags: personal
date: 2013-04-21 15:51:46
---
<p> Spring has finally happened and, as I noted last week, I&#39;ve got back into cycling. My route to work has grown from the most direct route I could find to a pretty cycle along the River Thames. The detour is worth it.</p><p> I have also been encourages to download Strava onto my phone. It hooks into the GPS on the phone and records the routes I take, speed, elevation, etc. It&#39;s really handy to look back after the ride and see the route overlaid on a Google Map and to see other potential routes to try out.</p><p> However, the real killer feature of Strava is the social aspect. All I have just described about has been available in Google Tracks for ages. Being able to see the other routes that your friends are taking is certainly a prompt to try out new rides, adjust your current routes to go over some of their stretches and just generally to go faster.</p><p> Another good element of this social network functionality is the segmentation of routes. As I cycle into work I go through 5 different segments that other cyclists using Strava all take, all the times are tracked and a leader board is created out of the times.</p><p> These time-trials are really playing to my competitive side, so much so that I have added a small detour into some of my routes so I can go up the 300m stretch on Barracks Lane&hellip; I think Strava may kill me.</p><p><iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="450" mozallowfullscreen="" src="http://player.vimeo.com/video/28673780?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0&color=ffffff" webkitallowfullscreen="" width="800"></iframe></p>
