---
title: Dunked?
type: article
tags: design
date: 2013-04-26 13:52:48
leadImage: /_assets/img/blog/imported/banners/dunked.jpg
---
<p> Quite often I will sign myself up for early testing of new applications or website. I love playing with new things and looking at fresh ideas. More regularly that I would like, six months after signing up for something I will finally get the invitation through, and normally after all that time I will have no idea what it was I signed up for, why I did it, or what the app does in the first place.</p><p> Today was one of those days. One new email from Orman Clark... why an invitation to beta test <a href="http://dunked.com?ref=jidaab" target="_blank">Dunked.com</a>... What have I signed up to now?</p><p> Basically Dunked is a portfolio site which is designed to make it as easy as possible for designings to showcase their work online. A very slick and simple user interface to upload and display different projects, but with the power to heavily modify the template if you want to get your hands dirty with the CSS.</p><p> I haven&#39;t messed around with the basic template yet, but I have uploaded three projects from the last year or so to <a href="http://jamesdoc.dunked.com/" target="_blank">my account</a>. I really like it!</p><p> Currently there isn&#39;t a feedback method for commenting on projects, but I&#39;m sure that will come. Either that or someone with give a quick guide to adding Disqus to it. Until that happens I would love to hear your feedback on <a href="http://jamesdoc.dunked.com/" target="_blank">the three projects</a> I have put online so far. Comments, suggestions, recommendations, improvements, etc all welcome below!</p>
