---
title: Email testing
type: article
tags: code
date: 2013-06-25 20:26:54
---
<p> I have spent a fair amount of time this week working on creating an email template. It is like creating a webpage, however without any form of standards. Somethings will work perfectly in one email client, say Gmail, and entirely fail in another, say Outlook. And then when you fix that weird quirk in Outlook, something else completely odd will break in Gmail.</p><p> It&#39;s been a bit of a headache.</p><p> I have however discovered a pair of tools that have made everything slightly better, and I&#39;m sharing them for two reasons:</p><ol> <li> They made today easier, hopefully they will help someone out later.</li> <li> I will forget them next time I have to do them. It&#39;s good to have it all documented.</li></ol><h2> MailChimp CSS Inliner</h2><p> <a href="http://beaker.mailchimp.com/inline-css" target="_blank">beaker.mailchimp.com/inline-css</a></p><p> HTML emails require all the CSS to be inline, otherwise pain and hurt occurs. The handy MailChimp CSS Inliner takes &lt;style&gt; s and turns them into style=&quot;&quot;. Handy.</p><h2> Puts Mail</h2><p> <a href="http://putsmail.com/" target="_blank">putsmail.com</a></p><p> The majority of my email templates end up going though MailChimp, however it is not great for that final round of testing where you are testing one small bit, correcting something, sending the email again, tweaking, and loop. Puts Mail allows you to quickly update a template, fire off and test and then go again.</p><p> Anyone else have a handy tools for email testing?</p>
