---
title: I am a 'x'
type: article
tags: reading
date: 2013-07-10 19:27:22
---
<p> I&#39;ve been making my way through my <a href="http://jamesdoc.com/blog/the-reading-list" target="_blank">new reading list</a> and a fair pace. Since putting it together 22 days ago I have finished off three books and and now half way through the second book in the <a href="http://jamesdoc.com/blog/a-song-of-ice-and-fire-boxed" target="_blank">Song of Ice and Fire series</a>. Putting this list together was a good plan.</p><p> One of the three books that has just been finished is a book that was recommended to me; <a href="http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/0982986270/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&amp;camp=1634&amp;creative=19450&amp;creativeASIN=0982986270&amp;linkCode=as2&amp;tag=jamdoc-21" target="_blank">Quitter by Jon Acuff</a>. You would probably find it under the &#39;self-help&#39; genre in the bookshop, I wouldn&#39;t normally go for those sorts of books, and I&#39;m in no hurry to quit my job at the moment (yes there are <a href="http://jamesdoc.com/blog/tough-week" target="_blank">tough weeks</a>, but that is the same as any job). Instead I was curious about what he had to say about the process of working on side projects while staying at a full time job, and having read his blog for a while I found his writing very easy to read and funny.</p><p> What is said in the book is all very logical and sound, and helped to answer some of my questions. Lots about discipline, commitment, getting into good habits, really wanting to do the thing, etc. You can read the book for a full answers!</p><p> One of the things that caught my attention was the suggestion that most people can say &quot;<em>I am a x but I want to be a y</em>&quot;, e.g. &quot;<em>I am a teacher but I want to be a musician</em>&quot;. It caught my attention because it didn&#39;t really ring true for me. The illustrations given were of wanting to go down a completely different career path, and it didn&#39;t really resonate too much with me.</p><p> Maybe that is because I still &#39;fresh&#39; in my field, but I have no idea what kind of jump I would want to make. Currently the best I&#39;ve got is &quot;<em>I am a web developer but I want to be a better one</em>&quot;. I think that is probably a good place to be.</p>
