---
title: Improve productivity. Block websites.
type: article
tags: tech
date: 2013-12-21 16:00:37
---
<p> Recently I&rsquo;ve taken the sweeping step of preventing my computer from accessing specific websites. These site I have determined to be time-suckers, ones that I can simply live without. I don&rsquo;t need to habitually check in on Facebook or on Instagram from my laptop, especially when I really should be working!</p><p> To do this I&rsquo;ve done a quick hack to the <em>hosts</em> file. It is kind of like an internet address book for computers - it matching a web address with an IP address. Obviously it doesn&rsquo;t contain a list of every web address, that&rsquo;s where your Internet Service Provider (ISP) comes in, however the <em>hosts</em> file is where your computer looks first. If the address is found, then it doesn&rsquo;t need to consult the ISP. So to block websites from my computer I&rsquo;ve given the <em>hosts</em> file the wrong address!</p><p> For example, one time-sucking website is Facebook. I don&rsquo;t need access to it from my laptop so I&rsquo;ve told my host file that the IP address is 127.0.0.1, the address of my own computer, and magically the computer cannot find site.</p><p> Every operating system has a <em>hosts</em> file, and <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_file#Location_in_the_file_system">Wikipedia has a list of where it is on your hard drive</a>. Open up the file in your preferred text editor (Notepad or TextEdit will work) and you&rsquo;ll see a file like this:</p><blockquote> <p> 127.0.0.1 localhost<br /> 255.255.255.255 broadcasthost<br /> ::1 localhost<br /> fe80::1%lo0 localhost</p></blockquote><p> At the end of this file add:</p><blockquote> <p> 127.0.0.1 facebook.com<br /> 127.0.0.1 [anyOtherDomainToBlock.com]</p></blockquote><p> Save the file, reboot your machine and try to access the website.</p><p> Hello productivity.</p>
