---
title: 2006 Roundup looking to 2007
type: article
tags: personal
date: 2007-01-01 20:03:00
---
<p>Well!&nbsp; 2006 has been pretty exciting! Loads of stuff has happened to me this year, and I've changed quite a bit over the last year!&nbsp; This year started with my mock exams for GCSE's and now 2007 will also be starting with my Politics exam for A Level on the 11th!&nbsp; The exams have only just begun!&nbsp; I've had my GCSE's this year and I did fairly well; 1 A*, 5 B's &amp; 3 C's, which got me successfully into my new collage which has probably the biggest change for me!&nbsp;Moving out of St. Andrews into collage at BHASVIC, it was quite a shock to the system, but nevertheless a&nbsp; great experience and I'm still really enjoying it (apart from Politics!)</p> <p>Whilst I was at St. Andrew's I had the chance to participate within Young Enterprise; Print Your Mind which was a great laugh, and defiantly an experience I will not be forgetting in a hurry!&nbsp; My work in PYM actually helped me to get a job working within my old school; Downsbrook Middle School, designing and maintaining their website which has been hard work and looks like it will go on for a while.</p> <p>This year I brought my saxophone which has been great playing with the youth group and over Christmas with my church band.&nbsp; My plan for '07 is to get it to BHASVIC to start playing with the collage groups.&nbsp; Also my music collection has grown on epic proportions meaning that I am in the process of looking for a new place to store my CD's! Top CD's of 2006 are: Universal, Love &amp; Radiation, Cut &amp; Move, Now is the Time and Back holes &amp; Revelations.</p> <p>I don't think I could round up 2006 without mentioning my friends, friends from school, collage, church, Hebron, and various other friends that I have made along the way!&nbsp; I won't list everyone, but this year wouldn't of been the same without them!&nbsp; They have helped me through this year and made it great!</p> <p>Happy New Year everyone! Hope you all have had a great 2006 and will have a brilliant 2007!</p>
