---
title: Time Travel
type: article
tags: personal
date: 2007-06-07 17:32:00
---
<p>Ah, where would SciFi be without the idea of time travel.  Pretty much all SciFi shows have messed with the idea of going back it time to change something, or just generally accidentally going back it time and having fun there!  Cpt. Kirk saved the whales, Lister in Red Dwarf gets himself adopted by his future parents, and in such quality books as Harry Potter, Harry goes back and saves himself from a whole load of Dementors.</p><p>Despite the differences in opinion of actually being able to go back in time various people have come up with some great theories of what can and can't be done, such as the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grandfather_paradox" target="_blank">Grandfather Paradox</a>.  This is the theory that if you go back in time and kill your own Grandfather you will cease to exist then and there because your Grandfather won't be able to have your Father and your Father will therefore not be able to have you.</p><p>However, during an exciting episode of Doctor Who, I came across the idea that this theory is a load of <a href="http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/h2g2/A76961" target="_blank">dingo's kidneys</a>.  This idea cannot work on the principle if you did go back in time and prevent yourself from being born your own timeline would of already been affected before you made the jump.  In other words you would of already wiped yourself from existence and therefore would not of been able to go back and prevent your birth any way.</p><p>Anyway, that is today's exciting thoughts and rambles... nothing too special really.  I'm now going to do something useful!</p>
