---
title: yFriday - The Final Farewell
type: article
tags: music
date: 2010-06-07 09:23:00
leadImage: http://img96.imageshack.us/img96/1728/yfriday.jpg
---
Back in january yFriday announced through their website that towards the end of this year they would be disbanding. &nbsp;In the press statement they said<br /><blockquote>"As people we've grown, our lives enriched by new family and friends, and we feel now is the time for us to move to the next stage, through the doors that God has opened and to a future laced with anticipation. There will be a few dates before the finale, some festivals and some friends to revisit, then we'll say our last goodbyes in the autumn with what should be our best ever dates. We'll keep you posted of when and where."</blockquote>The final two dates of yFriday are the 29th October in&nbsp;Leicester at&nbsp;Transfusion&nbsp;and 31st October in Newcastle at IXth Hour. &nbsp;IXth Hour is the the event that yFriday initially started playing as the house band for the monthly whyFriday? Youth for Christ event. &nbsp;Tickets are&nbsp;available&nbsp;through the yFriday website for &pound;10/person with discount rates for groups.<br /><br />If you are unable to get to either of these events yFriday still have a couple of dates still left to play at over the coming months.<br /><ul><li>19th June &nbsp;- Belfast</li><li> 20th June - Dublin</li><li>27th June - Newcastle</li><li>18th-22nd August - Harvest Festival&nbsp;</li><li>29th October - Leicester</li><li>31st October - Newcastle<br /></li></ul><div>More details on all these dates, and booking for tickets for the final dates are&nbsp;available&nbsp;through the yFriday website: <a href="http://www.yfriday.co.uk/">www.yfriday.co.uk</a>.</div>
