---
title: How to mess up - a story by Dell
type: article
tags: tech
date: 2006-08-20 15:52:00
---
<p>The problems with Dell computers:</p> <ol> <li>Support  </li><li>Spam  </li><li>Pre-installed software  </li><li>Price Strategy  </li><li>Exploding Batteries  </li><li>Personal vrs. Business  </li><li>Adverts  </li><li>Deals </li></ol> <p><strong><u>Support</u></strong></p> <p>They had it coming. They think they could cut their support cost by 4X without any consequence??? If you phone up Dell you get a very charming Indian who cannot speak English... clever!  You are treated as a techo-dummy and sometimes you would of think that you are speaking to one of these automated machines as the nice Indian repeats everything you say and he says three or four times...</p> <p><strong><u>Spam</u></strong></p> <p>If you buy a Dell don't sign up for the newsletter!  You used to get 1 email a month, now they will often send out 2 or 3 emails a day some of them may be on the subject of computers</p> <p><strong><u>Pre-Installed Software</u></strong></p> <p>The first thing you should do with your new Dell is format it. It is the only way to get rid of the freeware Dell puts on it. Some of this software includes the 'Dell Toolbar', the 'Dell Internet Search Feature' and various other Dell rubbishware...</p> <p><strong><u>Price Strategy</u></strong></p> <p>Dell makes its money by sell stupidly cheap hardware... No I don't think so!  It makes money by sell the basic hardware cheaply and then charging and arm and a leg for those small upgrades that it recommends you buy!</p> <p><strong><u>Exploding Batteries</u></strong></p> <p>There is no point in denying it Mr. Dell... Many other companies have done it too, letting their batteries explode. So look back into history and learn from it. Also using the Sony batteries isn't a grand idea.</p> <p><strong><u>Personal vrs. Business</u></strong></p> <p>The Dell Dimension and the Dell OptiPlex are pretty much the same thing, however the Dimension is meant for a home desktop whereas the OptiPlex is branded for businesses. If anyone is buying the OptiPlex for a business they are getting seriously ripped off, they are the same thing!</p> <p><strong><u>Adverts</u></strong></p> <p>When the slogan "Don't buy a PC, buy a Dell" was introduced the adverts were good and business went up for Dell, they sold many a computer and life was good for them.  Now, hands up, how many people can remember the last Dell advert they saw on the TV?</p> <p><strong><u>Deals</u></strong></p> <p>If you buy a Dell now you can't help but get the feeling your going to be duped.  Will they drop the price of this next week?  Will they double my RAM? etc!  Its annoying</p>
