---
title: Portland- These Broken Hands Lyrics
type: article
tags: music
date: 2009-08-07 13:50:00
---

I mentioned a while back that I would post lyrics from These Broken Hands by Portland, plus after a quick search of the interweb came up with nothing I thought I would finish off my task! &nbsp;If you are interested in a review of the album you can find it in a <a href="http://jamesdoc.blogspot.com/2009/06/review-of-these-broken-hands-portland.html">previous entry</a> on this blog.<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Carry You - Lyrics</b><br />Come in and take out,<br />All of your luggage and baggage<br />You carry around&nbsp;in your head<br />And I'll carry you, carry you.<br /><br />Hold on if you can,<br />The sun will be rising and<br />I'll lead you out of this land<br />With these hands, I'll carry you, carry you.<br /><br />Would you say you love me,<br />Even though, I hardly know you?<br /><br />Would you say you love me,<br />Even though, I hardly know you?<br /><br />Move slow and take time,<br />Open your heart,<br />Tell me now what's on your mind<br />And you'll find I'll carry you, carry you.<br /><br />Stay strong, in your heart,<br />And I'll try to give you more<br />Than what's torn you&nbsp;apart&nbsp;from&nbsp;the&nbsp;start,<br />I'll&nbsp;carry&nbsp;you,&nbsp;carry&nbsp;you.<br /><br />Would you say you love me,<br />Even though, I hardly know you?<br /><br />Would you say you love me,<br />Even though, I hardly know you?<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Tonight - Lyrics</b><br />You can say what you want but I won't back down,<br />You and your friends go talk about<br />The big issues you can't work out<br />Your head's so full it needs clearing out<br />You can work 'til you're old have a pension plan<br />And die one day before your fun began<br />No traveling plans for you old man,<br />Your sorrow's up as the sun goes down.<br /><br />But tonight no you're not alone,<br />No you're not alone tonight<br />See our numbers grow like a river flows<br /><br />When we're young soon we're old so the stories told,<br />Well a lifetime past, where did it go?<br />And beauty fades where no one knows<br />Then it comes to you in the final throw<br />It's the meaning of and the reason for it's a destiny to explore<br />And wisdom seems to gather pace,<br />The mirror shows your aging face<br /><br />But tonight no you're not alone,<br />No you're not alone tonight<br />See our numbers grow like a river flows<br /><br />Hold on, where are you going to?<br />Hold on, now what were you gonna do?<br />'Cause you won't be shown and you can't be told<br />'Cause there's too much here for letting go<br />And the risk you take is the price you paid,<br />'Cause you sold it all anyway.<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Burning Sky - Lyrics</b><br />Sail down the river flows,<br />The sun went down 'bout an hour ago &amp; you know<br />You're a place too far for me to reach<br />But not far enough for you to leave<br />Would you go?<br /><br />You're a mystery to me; yeah yeah yeah<br />You're a mystery to me, yeah<br /><br />I slowly wake to a burning sky,<br />The air hung heavy so I questioned why did you go?<br />I'm slipping now into a nightmare dream<br />And the only truth is you're not here with me<br />And you know, you know, you know.<br /><br />You're a mystery to me; yeah yeah yeah<br />You're a mystery to me, yeah<br /><br />Sail down where the rapids break,<br />Sunshine your light and&nbsp;let the morning wake in my heart, my heart<br />You're a rock too high for me to reach<br />An abandoned boat on a lonely beach with the stars, the stars<br /><br />You're a mystery to me; yeah, yeah, yeah<br />You're a mystery to me, yeah<br /><br />I slowly wake to a burning sky,<br />The air hung heavy so I questioned why did you go?<br />I'm slipping now into a nightmare dream<br />And the only truth is you're not here with me<br />And you know, you know, you know.<br /><br />You're a mystery to me; yeah, yeah, yeah<br />You're a mystery to me, yeah<br /><br />Well, yeah, you head strong but your heart weak<br />Yeah your emotion soul seeks this kind of confidence<br />Life breeds without effort or trying to<br />Unless this time without breakdown, you couldn't hold back<br />You couldn't hold out, like a freed bird from a caged town<br />Well you panicked but now you're flying there.<br /><br />So now you move back so you can make room,<br />Now let your blood sing it to the same tune that your heart beats<br />It was a symphony written. &nbsp;You said orchestral was the feeling<br />As you took flight from the ceiling,<br />That had you bound in those feelings for so long but now you're strong.<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Hold On - Lyrics</b><br />If I ever thought you were lonely<br />If I ever thought you cared<br />I would hold hold, those&nbsp;storms&nbsp;may come<br />I'd be strong<br /><br />And if I ever thought you were worried<br />If you ever thought I was wrong<br />Darlin' hold ion, 'cause&nbsp;storms&nbsp;may come<br />We can be strong<br /><br />And don't you know I love you<br />And don't you know I care<br />Carry on my love, we're&nbsp;nearly&nbsp;done again<br />You&nbsp;gonna just<br /><br />Hold on, hold out<br />Have we got more to think about<br />So hold one, slow down<br />Have we got more than you cane live without?<br /><br />If I ever thought you were sorry<br />If I ever thought You'd turn<br />Me and you, oh we've got strength to see it through<br />So come on, come on<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: These Broken Hands - Lyrics</b><br />These broken hands won't mend themselves without you<br />My mind was lost, a line I cross to doubt you<br />This journey's end is here my friend without you<br />But you know by now that I'm somehow without You<br /><br />But I won't lay down<br />But I won't lay down<br /><br />The sun may rise and clear these skies without you<br />And since my birth I roam the earth to find you<br />Now nothing's what it seems to be<br />hen You're not here with me<br />I'll find my way on Lord I pray I do<br /><br />Don't lay down, don't lay down<br />These broken hands won't mend themselves<br />My mind was lost a line I crossed<br />This journey's end is here my friend<br />This journey's end is here my friend<br /><br />Don't lay down, Don't lay down<br />'Cause this deep water you've been swimming in<br />Won't let you drown.<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: The Letter - Lyrics</b><br />I hear there's a letter,<br />That you wrote for me to read tonight.<br />It tells me you're leaving,<br />But you wrote to say that it was alright.<br />They came and bound your hands;<br />And led you away from me,<br />I couldn't help the tears,<br />They treated you so violently.<br /><br />Remember you speaking,<br />You taught me of love, life and myself.<br />But I couldn't help weeping,<br />I knew that your time was close at hand.<br />NoI couldn't bear to see<br />All the pain they put your through.<br />It was too much for me,<br />The streams iof blood it flowed from You.<br /><br />Don't let them strike you again now my friend,<br />You have the power to make it all end.<br />Why do you silently take all the pain?<br />When deep in your heart you were bearing my shame.<br /><br />They came and bound your hands,<br />And led you away from me.<br />But you gazed into my eyes,<br />And spoke again so lovingly.<br />'Cause this is for you,<br />The pain I'll go through to make all things new.<br />Without me tonight,<br />You've no hope in sight, and for you I'll die.<br /><br />And the came and bound my hands<br />And led me away from you.<br />This is the only way I'll have<br />Of saving you.<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Believe In You</b><br />I saw you, I saw you drowning,<br />Well I could've lent a hand<br />But I was weak myself<br />But father where were you?<br />I'm just a child inside,<br />A child that I can't hide<br /><br />Well I believe in you, will I believe in you<br />And my faith's not lose and my hope's not gone<br />And I still put love in you,<br />And the words you speak well, they're lifting me<br />To a place I never knew<br /><br />I heard you, heard you calling,<br />Well your reasons hard to see,<br />When I thought you'd all you'd want from me<br />And slowly you'd console me,<br />Seems you're living in the past;<br />Of a childhood gone that couldn't last<br /><br />Well I believe in you, will I believe in you<br />And my faith's not lose and my hope's not gone<br />And I still put love in you,<br />And the words you speak well, they're lifting me<br />To a place I never knew<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Betrayed You - Lyrics</b><br />I've betrayed you I know<br />I've betrayed you I know<br />If I fall I fear, I fear you'd let me go<br />Well I fell before<br />I've betrayed you I know<br /><br />I won't be where you want me to <br />I won't put faith in things you do<br />I won't be walking far behind<br />When you call out<br /><br />I've betrayed you I know<br />I've betrayed you I know<br />If I fall I fear, I fear you'd let me go<br />Well I fell before<br />But still you love me so<br /><br />I'm scared of making guarantees<br />They fail to hold the words I speak<br />But I know you need more from me<br />But sometimes I feel so weak<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Well Alright - Lyrics</b><br />All you rules weigh in on me<br />You rule you roost gleefully<br /><br />Is life made for working?<br />Does life work for me?<br />Time has the answers or so it seems<br />For you to read my book<br />Write my next line<br />You've ceased to speak<br />You think I'm doing fine<br />Well alright, alright<br /><br />All my thoughts weight in on you<br />Well you leave and you find<br />You can't find peace of mind and it's true<br /><br />Is life made for working?<br />Does life work for me?<br />Time has the answers or so it seems<br />For you to read my book<br />Write my next line<br />You've ceased to speak<br />You think I'm doing fine<br />Well alright, alright<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Talk to Me - Lyrics</b><br />Four men marching to stop a war,<br />They were here before,<br />The year before,<br />'Cause their sons had died and yeah well,<br />their mother cried for the loss of life,<br />Took down the ribbons tied to the old front door<br /><br />And do you feel like there's no change you could've made,<br />Mother please, we could all do more!<br />And so she let them go, but what she didn't know<br />The last time that they'd spoke was at her front door<br /><br />A worthy cause you'd say,<br />A war to bring peace some day,<br />But when will that day come?<br />To slay a father's son, <br />And just because He's not one of us,<br />Oh well take up your guns<br /><br />And do you feel like there's no change you could've made,<br />Mother please, we could all do more!<br />But son how long until you're forced to kill against your will,<br />She cries clinging to the kitchen floor<br /><br />Bring your weapons to me;<br />I'll break them on my knee<br />Talk talk talk to me,<br />Talk talk talk to me<br /><br />So came the battlefield,<br />Yeah the war was real,<br />And the blood it sealed<br />The fear of a young man's death<br />To take a life was hard<br />And this soldier's mind was surely scarred,<br />but war was war.<br /><br />And do you feel like there's no change you could've made,<br />Mother please, we could all do more!<br />But son your days have gone, and your light that shone can shine no more<br />She cried clinging to the kitchen floor<br /><br />Bring your weapons to me; I'll break them on my knee<br />'Cause all can fight a war in futility,<br />but talking's what we need, can't you see<br />Talk talk talk to me,<br />Talk talk talk to me.<br /><br /><br /><b>Portland: Eamonn's Leviathan - Lyrics</b><br />In the deep blue circling waters of the oceans of the word<br />There's a legend, many stories, many myths<br />From days gone by of old mans talks and dreams cast from the shore<br />That rolls home on the morning mist<br /><br />Leviathan's your brother and your sister to the stars,<br />Like a part of creation, <br />Like the beating of your heart<br />Well like time has no beginning, like a friendship has no end<br />Like the soul and the spirit of leviathan<br /><br />To the sands that make the shore line, like the clouds that ride the sky<br />To the winds of time that shift and change<br />There's a question I'm not sure of and an answer I never heard,<br />The reason lying somewhere unexplained<br /><br />Why you spend most your days fleeing from the blowing sails,<br />Never tiring, never leaving you alone<br />Why they kill you for no reason, with their spears and their harpoons,<br />Get drunk on your death and then turn home<br /><br />Leviathan's your brother and your sister to the stars,<br />Like a part of creation, <br />Like the beating of your heart<br />Well like time has no beginning, like a friendship has no end<br />Like the soul and the spirit of leviathan<br /><br />One day we'll know hoe much it will take,<br />To stop all this killing before it's too late<br />And the seas will return to wash the sands clean<br />But your soul and your spirit be forever set free
